Facebook Pixel doc fix (#1155)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/fb-pixel.mdx

Note that:

> - For the `Purchase` standard event, `revenue` is a required field.

Reviewer: we need to write `properties.revenue`.

> - For the `Purchase` standard event, `revenue` is a required field.

Author: ```suggestion
- For the `Purchase` standard event, `properties.revenue` is a required field.
```

- For the <code class="inline-code">Products Searched</code> event, the <code class="inline-code">query</code> property must be a string.

> - You need to specify `currency` in the `Order Completed` event. If not specified, RudderStack will set the default value to `USD`.

Author: @shrouti1507 please review if this is a required field, and if we can rephrase this to:

```
If you do not specify the `currency` field in the `Order Completed` event, RudderStack sets its default value to `USD`.
```

Reviewer: yes we can rephrase this.

> - You need to specify `currency` in the `Order Completed` event. If not specified, RudderStack will set the default value to `USD`.

Author: ```suggestion
- If you do not specify the `currency` field in the `Order Completed` event, RudderStack sets its value to `USD` by default.
```

Note that:

- For the `Purchase` standard event, `properties.revenue` is a required field.
- For the <code class="inline-code">Products Searched</code> event, the <code class="inline-code">query</code> property must be a string.

> - If you do not specify the `currency` field in the `Order Completed` event, RudderStack sets its value to `USD` by default.

Author: ```suggestion
- If you do not specify the `properties.currency` field in the `Order Completed` event, RudderStack sets its value to `USD` by default.
```
